hi I'm Stephanie I was one of the driver
that contribute to develop adrenaline re
0:01 at the first stage and now today I
am here to present it to introduce you
the new adrenaline re 0:02 we are in UPG
in italy the place where had been
developed the adrenaline re zero zero
one and today we have tested the re I
hope you enjoy I hope you have chance to
test the styles because as a successor
of re0 zr1
they are deserved for you to test from
the center point right there when you go
on the straight at high speed or slow
speed you always have to feel the tire
so the effort of the steering wheel has
to have a certain level of effort when
you start to move your steering wheel
even at very small angle you have to
feel that the car is moving and the
effort is constant and this will should
never disappear during any kind of
driving situation whether this is in the
city or high speed on a track so you
always have to have this pleasure this
contact and then most important thing is
compact front and rear the tires should
be so harmonized to give you the right
timing between front and rear to
transfer the load of the vehicle so the
car has to move always from the rear
together by that the driver can have at
any time is vehicle on his end of course
Montaigne Road
country road fill track handling it's
it's a pleasure with this with this
tires you can have the benefit on this
tire already when you walk when you
drive outside from your garage and you
start first second gear third gear 50
kph already you feel that you have
something in your hand and that's that's
the most important thing that's what
that was the concept of adrenaline tire
I think is also - it's an improvement
around some area which are easy roseola
one was still not 100% perfect based on
my test
I think that our Israel - especially on
dry handling improved the center point
area in terms of response and in terms
of steering effort the center point
response and the effort on center is one
of the most important thing for a tire
and for a car I would say that it gives
you pleasure to drive these tires in a
way that you always have your car in
your hand you always feel when you touch
your steering wheel you always feel the
ground you always feel that the tire is
touching the ground and every single
movement that you do with your steering
wheel no even small just for small
correction you feel that the car is
reacting so the time is touching
perfectly on the ground and it's
reacting to your inputs that for me is
nice it's the pleasure you know not
having this floppy this kind of no no
feedback on on tire this adrenaline
ariselu - i think it's that int of
improvement in relation to our ease or
one in this area yes the changes that
have been said the improvement that have
been made or reached with with
adrenaline are ezel - are affecting also
the wet performance so when we talk
about
the precision response feedback that's
exactly what you feel on a dry you also
feel on the wet let the driver have the
person and the feeling and the emotion
to drive a tire try that can change the
character of the car a tire that can you
know emphatize the pleasure of driving a
car
Ahri's a zero to is actually a step
forward from re zero zero one and I'm
confident that it will change the
character of any cars into a sporty car
I mean this was the aim when we first
develop our users are one adrenaline and
our users were to as a successor of
adrenaline knowledge or one is it's
really step further in that direction
so I guess that everybody will take all
we use the styles will enjoy and will
have a different character on their cars
of course in a better way bye-bye
thank you
Bridgestone